Add /sitemap.xml file (#3)
jameschensmith/awesome-website-paths: README.md

- [`/reading.xml`](https://slashreading.org) - Outlines all of the unauthenticated Atom/RSS feeds that the person consumes in their feed reader.
- [`/robots.txt`](https://www.robotstxt.org) - Gives instructions about the person's website to web robots.
- [`/security.txt`, `/.well-known/security.txt`](https://securitytxt.org) - Allows security researchers to easily get in touch with companies about security issues.

> - [`/sitemap.txt`, `/sitemap.xml`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Site_map) - Lists all the pages on a website (useful for crawlers and external integration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`/sitemap.xml`](https://sitemaps.org) - Lists all the pages on a website (useful for crawlers and external integration).
```
